we're the church with the charges one of
the teams that you thought were
interested going in this process and and
what were your your thoughts I guess
leading up the pinnacle uh we definitely
had a great conversation out at the
combine you know from the GM down to the
DB coach the special teams coach that
was definitely you know some love in
there the meeting went real well and I
didn't get a chance to have any private
workouts with him or any visits but that
call that I said was a most important
card I have a head and then how do you
feel like you fit into their scheme
defensively oh you know they they play a
little bit of man a little bit of zone
you know they they bury in the where did
they played a game and that's something
that we had in college you know we
played a lot of man but a lot of zone as
well so I definitely feel like I fit
their scheme
Jason when you and our radio show a few
weeks ago you mentioned that when you
didn't he with the Chargers you fell in
love with their organizational
philosophy what was it that stood out to
you oh just just the whole coaching
staff you know they feel like they're
very you know player people you know
they definitely take care of their
players they want they put their players
in the best position to make plays and
so just seeing that and you know if like
I said filling my love between those
coaches was definitely something that I
want to be a part of hey Jason how do
you play bigger than five foot nine uh
you know just moving my feet you know
playing a lot smarter on the field you
know I played against a lot of guys that
were 6-2 6-3 you know I didn't really
try to try to get my hands on them too
much but you know what's the balls in
there definitely being a competitor
do you fill up like five nine that year
a guy that can play consistently on the
outside at this level yeah definitely I
felt like I showed the versatility on
the college level being able to play in
the slot and also being able to play on
the house side so I'll just want to
carry that over to the next level learn
from the veterans learn from my DV
coaches and make plays out there Jason
what do you know about chargers and and
do you know of a player named LaDainian
Tomlinson yeah of course I know he is
he's alumni down a horn fro a guy that
I've talked to plenty of times I before
my senior season he saw my depth of
course a legend at TCU balls are legend
it in San Diego so it's a blessing to be
able to follow his footsteps being
drafted in the first round just like he
was and I just want to carry over the
things that he did there
when you're in San Diego rehabbing did
you ever get a chance to drive past
Chargers Park and see the team facility
oh yeah because I was staying that was
pretty close to the stadium and so I
definitely had a little bit of moments
driving fast there and I visualizing
myself on the field and we actually
played there when my sophomore year at
TCU when we played against San Diego
State so it I got my first interception
on that field and I definitely like to
get another one out there in the
Chargers uniform that it is San Diego
where you trained your girlfriend's here
you're from California what does it mean
that it was San Diego ah
just just everything about the city you
know like you said ma'am I got my family
out there in California they're up north
in the Bay Area you know we're gonna get
a chance to play Oakland and Oakland
it's gonna come down to San Diego so I'm
gonna be able to have you know all the
California love but uh I'm just blessed
to be there man I just can't ready to
get get ready to go to work have you
talked much at all with coach mileage do
the process about your role or just
about in football in general no I mean
really we just you know chitchat about
you know how I performed at the combine
and at the pro day I'm definitely
looking for for you know further
conversation down the road as far as
getting ready you know to be in a
uniform and learning my rope so I'm just
waiting to get out there and you know
once I learn my role I'm just gonna play
hard
you said at the combine that you felt
you were the best cornerback in this
draft what in your mind separates you
from the other guys in this class ah
versatility you know like I said I
definitely complain the inside I feel
like I could blitz I feel I have to play
on the outside and I was able to show at
the combine that I had the best feet on
the football field as far as you know my
quickness he definitely stood out so
carrying that over to the charges is
definitely something that they can use
in I'm just looking forward to going out
there
have you heard from any of your of your
new teammates yet Phillip Rivers or need
two guys in this on this roster oh my
you're gonna join a position room where
the veterans in that group include Eric
Waddell known as one of the better pros
here in San Diego understands the
process of being just professionally a
watching film taking care of your body
what does that mean to be in a spot
where you can follow someone's lead and
just watch how you know one of the
better players that his position works
it means a lot you know there's just
like I when I got to teach you I have to
learn from the seniors you know and
definitely learning my role in the
football field so learn from a guy like
it will probably go down as one of the
best to play in San Diego it's
definitely a blessing you know I know
he's gonna push me because I'm on I'm
one of those guys I'd like to work and
he definitely makes a lot of plays so I
learned from him is he's going to gonna
make the boats boats nation a lot better
alright Jason I think we're good man
thank you for giving us a time and we'll
all look forward to meeting when you get
out of San Diego congratulations